docs(python): update integrations for stream mode (#18526)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/integrations/ray/index.mdx

def divide(a, b):
    return a/b

> # or sentry_sdk.traces.start_span(name="your_span_name", parent_span=None) in stream mode

Reviewer: Similar to the other naming consistency comments that Alex has left elsewhere

```suggestion
# or sentry_sdk.traces.start_span(name="ray-test", parent_span=None) in stream mode
```
